./child-snack-generator.py pool {seed} {num_children} {num_trays} {gluten_factor} {const_ratio}

const_ratio = 1.3 in all opt and sat instances 



trays: 2 or 3

OPT:
child-snack_pfile01-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 6 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile01.pddl:; child-snack task with 6 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile02-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 7 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile02.pddl:; child-snack task with 7 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile03-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 8 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile03.pddl:; child-snack task with 8 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile04-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 9 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile04.pddl:; child-snack task with 9 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile05-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 10 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile05.pddl:; child-snack task with 10 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile06-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 11 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile06.pddl:; child-snack task with 11 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile07-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 12 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile07.pddl:; child-snack task with 12 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile08-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 13 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile08.pddl:; child-snack task with 13 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile09-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 14 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile09.pddl:; child-snack task with 14 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile10-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 15 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile10.pddl:; child-snack task with 15 children and 0.4 gluten factor 


trays: 3 or 4

SAT:
child-snack_pfile05-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 10 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile05.pddl:; child-snack task with 10 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile06-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 11 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile07-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 12 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile08-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 13 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile08.pddl:; child-snack task with 13 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile09-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 14 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile09.pddl:; child-snack task with 14 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile10-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 15 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile10.pddl:; child-snack task with 15 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile11-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 16 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile11.pddl:; child-snack task with 16 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile12.pddl:; child-snack task with 17 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile13-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 18 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile13.pddl:; child-snack task with 18 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile14.pddl:; child-snack task with 19 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile15-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 20 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile16-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 21 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile19-2.pddl:; child-snack task with 24 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
child-snack_pfile19.pddl:; child-snack task with 24 children and 0.4 gluten factor 
